name <- GymGenie

What we are doing: We are developing an application for tracking yoour workouts
For whom are we doing it? To simplify the process your progress and be consitante in the workouts schedule.
What makes it special? We have nice visualization. Visualization makes it easier to track the progress
How to get started? Proof read the code, suggest new visualization features
Where to find the key resource? Links to docs, ect


Roadmap

- Project summary and welcome: Project summary from README
                             welocome: Who are we, description
- How to get involved? Feel free to send us ideas (insert email)

- Timeline: Milestone 1:

Task 1 - Exercise Logging 02.05.2024
Task 2 - 16.05.2024
Task 3 - 23.05.2024


main.py - Lea + Dario
classes/workouts->class exercise (user receives a list of option and choose it) list of exercises:running, cycling, strength, swimming, hiking/walking
                skiing, others
                  class data (date of the workouts)
                  class duration (minutes)
                  class calories (calories) -> suggest calories in-take
                  class distance (km)
                  class dataframe (pandas)
                  class impression -> ask on a scale 1 to 10 how the workouts was
ask the "question" one after the others. Shows the summary and ask if the user wants to modify or save it. - Laura + Kristine

Task 2
class goals
    set 1 goal at the time (distace vs duration vs calories)
    tipps to set up smart goals
    user can set up multiple goals.
    specify which timeframe (week/month/year)
class progress
    plot (time vs duration/calories/distance)
    add positive feedback if goal is reached / "keep going" if you have not yet reached it
    star non intercative and add after
Task 3
class summary
    merge different types of exercises (ex. running and cycling), weekly and monthly
    shows specific behaviour in the exercises
    linear regression of general exercise and specific sports
    comparison of different exercise 



    README: Dario + Kristine
    ROADMAP:Laura + Lea

    Sunday: prepare GUI
    Tuesday 30.04.2024 - Meeting before biostatistics
